Yo little prince
Hey what?
You can't take it anymore
how
You broke the house
No, you can still play palace fights
Why don't I teach you about Zhenshun or something?
What do you want?
What do you want, be careful, I want to teach you?
you
Who are you?
Third Prince, you really hid here and said
Where is the fourth prince at night?
Are there any other party members here?
Hey, knock on the door.
Hit the door, I'm not his accomplice
Don't mention Earth 5 again
I was framed by Concubine Ji Gui
I know you want an excuse to get rid of me
Nonsense
Ah!
Why don't we kill him first?
I said it wasn't me
Is it sick to kill you?
Who is it?
Kuaishou, you let me go
Brother, you crushed me to death.
You killed them?